INSTRUCTIONS: Fill out the following form and upload the form to your GITHub repository. 
Choose only one of the corresponding numbers in your answer for sections A-E.  
Answer the questions in section F in sentence form.

A. Code Quality 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Code renders but the code is unreadable 
2 - Meets Expectations - Good formatting and uses naming conventions but can be improved
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally clean and best practices are used
Your Answer: 3


B. Content 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Content not related to assignment or project
2 - Meets Expectations - Content is related to assignment or project and gets the point across
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Content is exceptionally detailed and well put together
Your Answer: 2


C. Layout / Organization 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Long codes with no divisions or random code layout
2 - Meets Expectations - Code that is modular and divided into section declarations; subprograms
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally well organized. 
Your Answer: 3


D. Comments/Commits 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Excessive, unnecessary, and irrelevant remarks
2 - Meets Expectations - Comments identify authorship and code's intention
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Comments and documentation are clear succinct; wizardry points are explained
Your Answer: 2


E. Rendering 
0 - Nothing - Page does not load or render
1 - Below Expectations - Page renders, but has errors and/or has apparent design issues
2 - Meets Expectations - Page renders and produces no errors
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Page renders and displays properly for multiple screen sizes and browsers 
Your Answer: 3


F. Self Evaluation Questions:

1. How much time did you spend on this assignment/project?
Upwards of 7 hours. 

2. How difficult did you feel this project was? Easy, moderate, difficult?
Very difficult for one assignment. Would have been better suited to be split up into multiple or have some work cut out.

3. What challenges did you come across while working on this project?
Combining code is always problematic. One of my animations stopped working and I couldn't find the reason and the nav bar itemthat used to float left no longer floats left with the hamburger menu in place. 

4. What things would you like to learn more about after having worked on this assignment?
Animations: there is a lot to grasp that an hour of videos does not cover in enough detail.
